add over example (#14)
ververica/flink-sql-cookbook: recipes/10/10_over.md

# 10 Rolling Aggregations on Time Series Data

> :bulb: This example will show how to aggregate multiple rows, which are related to the current row, via an `OVER` window. A typical use case are rolling aggregations.

Reviewer: This sounds a bit overcomplicated. What about:

"This example will show how to calculate an aggregate or cumulative value based on a group of rows using an `OVER` window."

> :bulb: This example will show how to aggregate multiple rows, which are related to the current row, via an `OVER` window. A typical use case are rolling aggregations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:bulb: This example will show how to calculate an aggregate or cumulative value based on a group of rows using an `OVER` window. A typical use case are rolling aggregations.
```

The source table (`temperature_measurements`) is backed by the [`faker` connector](https://github.com/knaufk/flink-faker), which continuously generates rows in memory based on Java Faker expressions.

OVER window aggregates compute an aggregated value for every input row over a range of ordered rows. 
In contrast to GROUP BY aggregates, OVER aggregates do not reduce the number of result rows to a single row for every group. 
Instead, OVER aggregates produce an aggregated value for every input row.

The order needs to be defined by a [time attribute](https://docs.ververica.com/user_guide/sql_development/table_view.html#time-attributes). 
The range of rows can be defined by a number of rows or a time interval. 

In this example, we are trying to identify outliers in the `temperature_measurements` table. 

> For this, we use an `OVER` window to calculate, for each measurement, the maximum, minimum, standard deviation and average temperature across all measurements for the same city over the previous minute. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this, we use an `OVER` window to calculate, for each measurement, the maximum (`MAX`), minimum (`MIN`) and average (`AVG`) temperature across all measurements, as well as the standard deviation (`STDDEV`), for the same city over the previous minute. 
```

Reviewer: Nit pic, but I noticed that you and Seth tend to use "we" a lot. I try to phrase things using "you" instead to follow technical writing good practices. 😏

Reviewer 2: I've heard the arguments but I still just don't understand why "you" is better than "we". "We" is inclusive, the two of us are doing something together. "You" is not, you go do that.

> You can imagine that a subsequent query would filter out any temperature measurement that are higher or lower than the average by more than four standard deviations.

Reviewer: Formulate as a quoted part, saying "As an exercise, you can write another query to ..."?

> You can imagine that a subsequent query would filter out any temperature measurement that are higher or lower than the average by more than four standard deviations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As an exercise, you can try to write another query to filter out any temperature measurement that are higher or lower than the average by more than four standard deviations.
```

## Script

```sql
CREATE TEMPORARY TABLE temperature_measurements (
  measurement_time TIMESTAMP(3),
  city STRING,
  temperature FLOAT, 
  WATERMARK FOR measurement_time AS measurement_time - INTERVAL '15' SECONDS
)
-- Free text comment

> COMMENT ''

Reviewer: Doesn't need to be here.

Reviewer 2: +1
